Elise was born in 5000u to John Kressler and Marie Anagonye in Brockton City. John used to refer to her as his Millenium Child. Both of Elise's parents were underemployed by the Husk Corporation. Her mother was a trained physicist working in an assembly facility, and her father an engineer working in manual labour for the company's mining operations. When she was 8 years old, her mother died of heat exhaustion on the job. Elise and her younger brother Ren were placed in a Company School while their father continued to work in remote sites on asteroids and other extra-planetary bodies. A few years later, he died in a cave-in, and Elise and Ren became legal wards of Husk. On her 12th birthday, Elise decided to take Ren and try to escape the Company School. During their flight, they became separated and Ren was apprehended and brought back to the facility. Elise hasn't seen him since.

Elise found refuge in Verrun, a small, poor city mostly ignored by the Convocation and its allied organizations. She fell in with a pirate crew who called themselves the Black Dagger. She made herself useful by employing some of the mechanical skills her father imparted to her when she was young, and in turn they kept her safe and fed, and taught her to operate heavy machinery and even some combat frames. A few months before she turned 16, she heard about the Just Axiom and decided she wanted to be a part of it. Her found family, the Black Dagger, was supportive of her aims and gave her what financial support they could to get her on her way.

After a few months of sourcing transportation, licenses, and equipment, she has finally made it to the Axiom's doorstep. And she's eager to give the Convocation a bloody nose. 