A private space mining corporation was hiring people of particular skillsets to bolster their frontline mining mechs. The system was starting to see an uptick in mercenary and pirate work, which had starting to affect local mining operations. The pay was good, and with nothing tying Maeva to Century anymore, she took the job. She excelled in this work. Working in suits underwater required skills very similar to mining suit rigs, and Maeva began to make herself known as a top earner.

At age 23, Maeva and her crew were mining a rare gem asteroid cluster. This was a lucky find for the company and everyone was expecting a nice payday. However, due to a leak from an unknown individual, the clusters location was sent to out to a nearby pirate crew, who invaded the worksite and took everybody hostage. After 2 days of being forced to mine for this pirate group, an altercation occurred which escalated to combat. Maeva, in her mining rig, was able to surprise one of the priates with a mining beam, another with a drill, and was able to then impale the pirate leader with a nearby freshly mined chunk of Lapis Lazuli. With the loss of the leader, the rest of the pirate crew escaped with what they already mined.

Despite heroically and nearly single handedly removing the pirate threat, 3 members of the mining crew were killed, and this gave the mining executives enough leverage to fire Maeva and make her a scapegoat for the lost profits. However, the story of her fight spread through the local grapvines till eventually 6 months later making its way to a mercenary company who were looking to hire on fresh recruits.